docs for tls in tls (#2673)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides/use_https_in_https_proxy.rst

How to use an HTTPS proxy that uses HTTPS itself (HTTPS-in-HTTPS)
*****************************************************************

> .. note:: Support for HTTPS-in-HTTPS proxying was added in version 28.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Support for HTTPS-in-HTTPS proxying was added in version 28.1 of the Ubuntu Pro Client.
```

> .. warning:: HTTPS-in-HTTPS is only supported by the Ubuntu Pro Client on Ubuntu 18.04 and later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: HTTPS-in-HTTPS is only supported by the Ubuntu Pro Client on Ubuntu 18.04 and later.
```

> If you need to set ``https_proxy`` to a proxy that uses ``https://``, then you need to follow a couple extra steps to ensure all Ubuntu Pro actions work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to set ``https_proxy`` to a proxy that uses ``https://``, then you need to follow a few extra steps to ensure all Ubuntu Pro actions work correctly.
```

> Install extra pycurl dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the pycurl dependency
```

===============================

> ``pro`` switches to use ``pycurl`` only for HTTPS-in-HTTPS proxying, but ``pycurl`` may not be installed by default on your machine. To install it, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For HTTPS-in-HTTPS proxying, ``pro`` switches to using ``pycurl`` -- but ``pycurl`` may not be installed by default on your machine. To install it, run:
```

.. code:: bash

   sudo apt install python3-pycurl

.. note::
   If you don't do this and try to set the HTTPS-in-HTTPS proxy anyway, you will get an error that looks like this:

   .. code:: none

      To use an HTTPS proxy for HTTPS connections, please install pycurl with `apt install python3-pycurl`

Ensure the proxy's HTTPS certificate will be trusted by Livepatch
=================================================================

> .. tip:: You can skip this step if you don't plan on using Livepatch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip:: You can skip this step if you are not using Livepatch.
```

Author: Setting up the proxy pretty much always happens before attaching and enabling services, so the likelihood that someone is already using livepatch when going through this guide is very small -- so I'm not sure about this change.

Reviewer: That makes sense then, feel free to ignore my comment

> Livepatch requires configuration separate from the rest of the Ubuntu system for trusting certificates. Even if your proxy's certificate is signed by a well known CA, it may not be trusted by livepatch by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Livepatch requires configuration separate from the rest of the Ubuntu system for trusting certificates. Even if your proxy's certificate is signed by a well known CA, it may not be trusted by Livepatch by default.
```

> Livepatch requires configuration separate from the rest of the Ubuntu system for trusting certificates. Even if your proxy's certificate is signed by a well known CA, it may not be trusted by livepatch by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Livepatch requires configuration separate from the rest of the Ubuntu system for trusting certificates. Even if your proxy's certificate is signed by a well known certificate authority (CA), it may not be trusted by livepatch by default.
```

> To ensure livepatch will trust your proxy's certificate, first pre-install the livepatch-client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure Livepatch will trust your proxy's certificate, first pre-install the livepatch-client:
```

.. code:: bash

   sudo snap install canonical-livepatch

> Then download the certificate of your proxy (or of the CA) in PEM format and configure livepatch-client to trust it:

Author: It's usually the default format, but just in case someone ends up with a cert in non-PEM, I included this detail here. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail has a good high level description and links to the IETF RFC that formalizes the format, I'll add a link to that
